so another way you can do it is take
your grab on color
taking vanilla put it up there remember
not to go too far down you don't want to
emphasize the deep of put the vanilla
right here I'm also going to take that
real technique brush and outline really
thin and you can kind of see already its
lifted the up and then we are going to
take the e55 with the string again and
put on the lid this time I'm not going
to go all the way I'm just going to kind
of stop 3/4 of the way and hem written
and this brush is awesome because you
can blend with it you can't apply color
with it you can use it on the side and
Pat color so I'm gonna use it on the
side with Brian no hand written and I'm
just going to do the outer corner
okay so you can see that I did the outer
corner I didn't want to bring it in too
far because you want that lighter color
to really show up so I just do it like
that you can keep it like that and apply
wedge or whatever color and do your
transition I'm a straight across you
don't want to bring it down too much and
then you can also you can do it like
this and that's it okay you got your
wedge right here and the outer corner is
a little bit darker or you can pop it up
a notch and take the darker color
hand-written
with the e25 which is a little bit
fluffier and going to that dark color
and actually bring it in so you have a V
now when you do it like this remember
don't bring that dark color all the way
in this look right here is a little bit
more dramatic and it's really what I
like to do more so you just kind of
bring it in until about right here and
doing the outer fee for a hooded eye is
a lot different than doing an outer V
for other eye shapes you know what I
mean I don't want to say normal because
it's not normal there are so many people
with hooded eyes so once you have that
and just kind of blend it out a little
bit
you can also take a pencil brush this is
the Mac 219 and go back into that darker
color and really deepen out that alder B
just remember not to bring it in too
much
also remember don't put it in your
actual socket that's right here or it's
totally going to make your eyes look
even more fit it so you can just kind of
not really a cut crease but Conda right
above your actual crease and just kind
of blend it out just a little bit but
you still want that line you know to
really define the eyes and let's take
that real technique brushes again and go
in the inner corner and the lower lash
line and volume baby
there's your eyes shadow application I'm
actually going to make this I just like
this and then I'll show you a tip on
liquid winged liner